The following are the data models or the fields an admin should have in the database.
1. Id: it should be unique
2. username: it should be a string
3. password: it should be hashed for security reasons
4. name: string
5. Email: string
6. phone no: string
7. admin level or office

The following are the problems the admin would solve
1. Enrollment and Removal of student
2. course management
3. curriculum management
4. Timetable management
5. hiring and removal of staff
6. collection of anonymous report

The following entities or api are going to be generated in the database for the admin to interact with
1. Student entity
2. course entity
3. curriculum entity
4. staff entity
5. report entity
6. calender api maybe google calender
7. Department or class entity.

Report entity:
 The report entity will be a table or collection of anonymous report from students or staff.
 The report entity will have the following model in the database.
1. report id
2. report summary
3. report date
4. tag: to tag who the complaint is about
5. report description

Course entity:
 Courses could have the following structure in the database.
1. Name: string
2  Id: String
3  Teachers: Name(s) of teachers teaching the course
4. Course master: the name of the teacher responsible for collating the grade for that particular course
5. creation date: the date the course was added
6. Recommended Books: Recommended books for that particular course
7. Course title: an acronym for the course
8. Course entity should share a relationship with the Curriculum entity.
9. Grade weight

Curriculum entity:
This represents the scheme of work or topics covered in each course. It should have the following model in the database.
1. Name
2. last update date
3. topics covered with calender reference.

The admin can also interact with the department entity which represents the class or department of each student.
Below are the basic model or structure of the department

1. Name
2. title
3. relationship with student entity
4. relationship with course entity
5. Head of department or class


Based on the above information I recommend my colleagues add the following data models to their stakeholder

1. Staff should have an employment status in its database field
2. staff should have hired date and sacked date